Enable new navbar for plugins (#572)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/navigation-menu.md

> # Navigation Menu Tabs

Reviewer: Need to add a reference to this new file in `mkdocs.yml` so it shows up in the table of contents.

> # Navigation Menu Tabs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Populating the Navigation Menu
```

> Core applications and plugins can modify the existing navigation bar layout by defining `menu_items` inside of `navigation.py`. Using the key and weight system, a developer can integrate the plugin amongst existing menu tabs, groups, items and buttons and/or create entirely new menus as desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both core applications and plugins can contribute items to the navigation menu by defining `menu_items` inside of their app's `navigation.py`. Using the key and weight system, a developer can integrate amongst existing menu tabs, groups, items and buttons and/or create entirely new menus as desired.
```

> ## Adding a new tab

Reviewer: I might suggest swapping the order of 'Adding a new tab' versus 'Modifying an existing tab', just so as to encourage the former where appropriate and reduce the proliferation of new menu tabs.

> ## Adding a new tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a New Menu
```

        weight=150,
        groups=(
            NavMenuGroup(
                name="Dummy Group 1",
                weight=100,
                items=(
                    NavMenuItem(
                        link="plugins:dummy_plugin:dummymodel_list",
                        link_text="Dummy Model",
                        permissions=[
                            "dummy_plugin.view_dummymodel"
                        ],
                        buttons=(
                            NavMenuAddButton(
                                link="plugins:dummy_plugin:dummymodel_add",
                                permissions=[
                                    "dummy_plugin.add_dummymodel",
                                ],
                            ),
                            NavMenuImportButton(
                                link="plugins:dummy_plugin:dummymodel_import",
                                permissions=[
                                    "dummy_plugin.add_dummymodel"
                                ],
                            ),
                        ),
                    ),
                ),
            ),
        ),
    ),
)
```

> ## Modifying existing tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Modifying Existing Menus
```

By defining an object with the same identifier, a developer can modify existing objects. The example below shows modifying an existing tab to have a new group.

A tab object is being created with the same identifer as an existing object using the `name` attribute. Then a group is being created with a weight of `150`, which means it will appear between the already defined `Circuits` and `Provider` groups.

> Weights for already existing items can be found in the nautobot source code (in `navigation.py`) or with a web session open to your nautobot instance, you can inspect an element of the navbar using the developer tools. Each type of element will have an attribute `data-{type}-weight`. The type can be `tab`, `group`, `item` or `button`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! tip
    Weights for already existing items can be found in the Nautobot source code (in each application's `navigation.py`). Alternatively, with a web browser open to your Nautobot instance, you can inspect the elements of the navigation menu using the browser's web developer tools. Each type of element (tab, group, item, button) will have an attribute `data-{type}-weight`.
```

> This pattern works for modifying all objects in the tree. New items can be added to groups and new buttons can be added to items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pattern works for modifying all objects in the tree. New items can be added to existing groups and new buttons can be added to existing items.
```

        groups=(
            NavMenuGroup(
                name="Dummy Circuit Group",
                weight=150,
                items=(
                    NavMenuItem(
                        link="plugins:dummy_plugin:dummymodel_list",
                        link_text="Dummy Model",
                        permissions=[
                            "dummy_plugin.view_dummymodel"
                        ],
                        buttons=(
                            NavMenuAddButton(
                                link="plugins:dummy_plugin:dummymodel_add",
                                permissions=[
                                    "dummy_plugin.add_dummymodel",
                                ],
                            ),
                            NavMenuImportButton(
                                link="plugins:dummy_plugin:dummymodel_import",
                                permissions=[
                                    "dummy_plugin.add_dummymodel"
                                ],
                            ),
                        ),
                    ),
                ),
            ),
        ),
    ),
)
```

## Classes and Attributes

> A `NavMenuGroup` has the following attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `NavMenuTab` has the following attributes:
```

> * `name` - Display name to be shown in navigation menu. Identifier for this object type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - Display name to be shown in navigation menu.
```

> * `weight` - Defines the position the object should be displayed at (optional)

Reviewer: Would be good to clarify in what way this is optional - e.g. if it's omitted when defining a new tab/group/item/button, what position does that appear? If I define multiple such entries without specifying a weight for any of them, how are they ordered?

Reviewer: Still might be good to document this.

> * `groups` - List or tuple of `NavMenuGroup`

Reviewer: Missing `permissions` here.

A `NavMenuGroup` has the following attributes:

> * `name` - Display name to be shown in navigation menu. Identifier for this object type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - Display name to be shown in navigation menu.
```

* `weight` - Defines the position the object should be displayed at (optional)

> * `items` - List or tuple of `NavMenuItem`

Reviewer: Missing `permissions` here as well. Maybe it would be cleaner to document common attributes (`weight` and `permissions`) once only and then only document the unique attributes of each level of the hierarchy as needed?

A `NavMenuItem` has the following attributes:

* `link` - The name of the URL path to which this menu item links. Identifier for this object type

> * `link_text` - The text presented to the user

Reviewer: Wonder if we should change this from `link_text` to `name` to be consistent with tabs and groups?

Author: Not sure how consistent that will be as `link` is being used as the key in the registry. All over objects uses name as the `key`

Reviewer: That's mostly an implementation detail, IMO - I think it'd make the API simpler if the developer defining the menu can use `name` at all levels instead of needing to remember `name` at some levels versus `link_text` at other levels.

Reviewer: This line needs to be updated now, right?

# Populating the Navigation Menu

Both core applications and plugins can contribute items to the navigation menu by defining `menu_items` inside of their app's `navigation.py`. Using the key and weight system, a developer can integrate amongst existing menu tabs, groups, items and buttons and/or create entirely new menus as desired.

## Modifying Existing Menu

By defining an object with the same identifier, a developer can modify existing objects. The example below shows modifying an existing tab to have a new group.

A tab object is being created with the same identifer as an existing object using the `name` attribute. Then a group is being created with a weight of `150`, which means it will appear between the already defined `Circuits` and `Provider` groups.

!!! tip

> Weights for already existing items can be found in the nautobot source code (in `navigation.py`) or with a web session open to your nautobot instance, you can inspect an element of the navbar using the developer tools. Each type of element will have an attribute `data-{type}-weight`. The type can be `tab`, `group`, `item` or `button`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Weights for already existing items can be found in the nautobot source code (in `navigation.py`) or with a web session open to your nautobot instance, you can inspect an element of the navbar using the developer tools. Each type of element will have an attribute `data-{type}-weight`. The type can be `tab`, `group`, `item` or `button`.
```

        name="Circuits",
        groups=(
            NavMenuGroup(
                name="Dummy Circuit Group",
                weight=150,
                items=(
                    NavMenuItem(
                        link="plugins:dummy_plugin:dummymodel_list",
                        link_text="Dummy Model",
                        permissions=[
                            "dummy_plugin.view_dummymodel"
                        ],
                        buttons=(
                            NavMenuAddButton(
                                link="plugins:dummy_plugin:dummymodel_add",
                                permissions=[
                                    "dummy_plugin.add_dummymodel",
                                ],
                            ),
                            NavMenuImportButton(
                                link="plugins:dummy_plugin:dummymodel_import",
                                permissions=[
                                    "dummy_plugin.add_dummymodel"
                                ],
                            ),
                        ),
                    ),
                ),
            ),
        ),
    ),
)
```

> ## Adding a new Menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a New Menu
```

                            ),
                        ),
                    ),
                ),
            ),
        ),
    ),
)
```

## Classes and Attributes

A `NavMenuTab` has the following attributes:

* `name` - Display name to be shown in navigation menu
* `weight` - Defines the position the object should be displayed at (optional)
* `permissions` - A list of permissions required to display this link (optional)
* `groups` - List or tuple of `NavMenuGroup`

A `NavMenuGroup` has the following attributes:

* `name` - Display name to be shown in navigation menu
* `weight` - Defines the position the object should be displayed at (optional)
* `permissions` - A list of permissions required to display this link (optional)
* `items` - List or tuple of `NavMenuItem`

A `NavMenuItem` has the following attributes:

* `link` - The name of the URL path to which this menu item links
* `link_text` - The text presented to the user
* `weight` - Defines the position the object should be displayed at (optional)
* `permissions` - A list of permissions required to display this link (optional)
* `buttons` - An iterable of NavMenuButton instances to display (optional)

!!! note

>     Any buttons associated within a menu item will be shown only if the user has permission to view the link, regardless of what permissions are set on the buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Any buttons associated within a menu item will be hidden if the user does not have permission to access the menu item, regardless of what permissions are set on the buttons.
```
